My name is Tak Cheung, I am a recent graduate of ITP, NYU. After seeing your job posting on the ITP bulletin I’m very eager to introduce myself and be considered for this position. I come from a product design background before attending ITP. My professional experiences includes designing exhibition experiences, streetscape furnitures and retail interiors at Rogers Marvel Architects/Truck Product Architecture in NYC, everyday lifestyle designs at Fabrica in Treviso, Italy and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia in NYC. At ITP I've been very engaged in learning Processing and physical computing with Arduino to create interactive installations. Please see a few links included in the email of some relevant projects. Some noted projects I built, a small boat lined with an LED matrix titled amazingness in your face. It simulated water meeting the craft by using sensors and magnets. Another project the mind blowing awesomeness sets a meditative scenario where the participates perceive their pulsing heartbeats in front of them. As I get more comfortable with these new tools I like to keep focus on the interaction, the response by the users and explore ways to seamlessly imbed the technology. With this focus in mind I was very inspired by your designs and integration of technology to encapsulate with the designed experience. Everything from projection mapping projects like that thing you did with that client of yours, with that other set design, interactive/fantastic design at the splendid coral bovine park visitor center and so many more. I see your anonymous firm as an energetic place. Those are the projects that I get excited for and the project that I want to be immersed in. As a product designer I am very comfortable in 3D conceptual thinking, programing spaces, graphics, materials and construction. I look forward to develop my programing skills further and learn more about interactive designs. If you've any question please don't hesitate to contact me. Thank you very much for your time. I hope we'll have a chance to work together. My name is Tak Cheung, I am a recent graduate of ITP, NYU. After seeing your job posting on the ITP bulletin I’m very eager to introduce myself and be considered for this position. I come from a product design background before attending ITP. My professional experiences includes designing exhibition experiences, streetscape furnitures and retail interiors at Rogers Marvel Architects/Truck Product Architecture in NYC, everyday lifestyle designs at Fabrica in Treviso, Italy and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia in NYC. At ITP I've been very engaged in learning Processing and physical computing with Arduino to create interactive installations. Please see a few links included in the email of some relevant projects. Some noted projects I built, a small boat lined with an LED matrix titled amazingness in your face. It simulated water meeting the craft by using sensors and magnets. Another project the mind blowing awesomeness sets a meditative scenario where the participates perceive their pulsing heartbeats in front of them. As I get more comfortable with these new tools I like to keep focus on the interaction, the response by the users and explore ways to seamlessly imbed the technology. With this focus in mind I was very inspired by your designs and integration of technology to encapsulate with the designed experience. Everything from projection mapping projects like that thing you did with that client of yours, with that other set design, interactive/fantastic design at the splendid coral bovine park visitor center and so many more. I see your anonymous firm as an energetic place. Those are the projects that I get excited for and the project that I want to be immersed in. As a product designer I am very comfortable in 3D conceptual thinking, programing spaces, graphics, materials and construction. I look forward to develop my programing skills further and learn more about interactive designs. If you've any question please don't hesitate to contact me. Thank you very much for your time. I hope we'll have a chance to work together. My name is Tak Cheung, I am a recent graduate of ITP, NYU. After seeing your job posting on the ITP bulletin I’m very eager to introduce myself and be considered for this position. I come from a product design background before attending ITP. My professional experiences includes designing exhibition experiences, streetscape furnitures and retail interiors at Rogers Marvel Architects/Truck Product Architecture in NYC, everyday lifestyle designs at Fabrica in Treviso, Italy and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia in NYC. At ITP I've been very engaged in learning Processing and physical computing with Arduino to create interactive installations. Please see a few links included in the email of some relevant projects. Some noted projects I built, a small boat lined with an LED matrix titled amazingness in your face. It simulated water meeting the craft by using sensors and magnets. Another project the mind blowing awesomeness sets a meditative scenario where the participates perceive their pulsing heartbeats in front of them. As I get more comfortable with these new tools I like to keep focus on the interaction, the response by the users and explore ways to seamlessly imbed the technology. With this focus in mind I was very inspired by your designs and integration of technology to encapsulate with the designed experience. Everything from projection mapping projects like that thing you did with that client of yours, with that other set design, interactive/fantastic design at the splendid coral bovine park visitor center and so many more. I see your anonymous firm as an energetic place. Those are the projects that I get excited for and the project that I want to be immersed in. As a product designer I am very comfortable in 3D conceptual thinking, programing spaces, graphics, materials and construction. I look forward to develop my programing skills further and learn more about interactive designs. If you've any question please don't hesitate to contact me. Thank you very much for your time. I hope we'll have a chance to work together. 